hey guys it's Sydney yeah so um yeah I
have a basketball game later and pretty
excited for it so yeah I just want to
walk I've been getting in the habit of
vlogging silent and i got this new shirt
hollister i'm wearing uggs i'm about to
film any video but um but um yeah it's
just this from hollister looks up and
its really pretty because i like the
striped shirt I've always wanted one
with this but yeah so sunday i
absolutely hate sunday so tell me what
you're going to do below and by the way
my nails are done at in deco by OPI but
yeah so yeah I don't really tired yeah
sorry is then someone call me dude in my
last vlog please have better quality and
this is really convenient for me to fill
my my second is actually I mean decent
ball
and if I I have a camera here you guys
oh oh my thing is charging right now but
I have a camera and click the login
camera it's actually a little bit valley
but it takes a while to upload to my
computer and edit but it looks like this
and it's the kodak camera and it's an HD
that but i just keep it in stores and
then iOS camera is on my beauty videos
with and it's see canon canon powershot
and then i can also fill my blackberry
which is i mean ok quali quality i
filmed a video on my blackberry for my
blog channel but it's looking quality
and i have my canon campus canon camera
which is what you know takes a while so
I find this camera Lily decent and stuff
so yeah um and here I fry me to show you
guys something but well here's the color
that's like a purpley purple color and
it's in done out in deco by OPI and
there's just other colors that I've been
obsessed with them I can't stop wearing
it it's just like bronze like yellow
color and it's in Y from New York it's
OPI and it's
so yeah um you can see I'm wearing like
pajama pants from victoria secret i'll
talk to you guys later and have a good